_md/api/reactions.md, before:

## Reactions API

Reactions are emojis which can be attached to any arbitrary URL (the "topic"). They're similar to "likes" but much more general.

---

```js
import {reactions} from 'dat://unwalled.garden/index.js'

// read
await reactions.list({
  filters: {authors, topics, visiblity},
  sortBy,
  offset,
  limit,
  reverse
})
await reactions.tabulate(topic, {
  filters: {authors, visiblity}
})

// write
await reactions.add(topic, emoji)
await reactions.remove(topic, emoji)
```

---

### Reaction

The values returned by reaction functions will fit the following object shape:

|Attribute|Type|Usage|
|-|-|-|
|url|`string`|The URL of the reaction record|
|topic|`string`|The URL that the reaction is attached to|
|emojis|`string[]`|The emojis in the reaction|
|author</var>|`Object`|The site that authored the reaction|
|&emsp;url</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;title</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;description</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;type</var>|`string[]`||
|visibility</var>|`string`|The [visibility](/docs/common-fields#visibility) of the reaction|

---

### TabulatedReaction

The values returned by `tabulate()` will fit the following object shape:

|Attribute|Type|Usage|
|-|-|-|
|topic|`string`|The URL that the reaction is attached to|
|emoji|`string`|The emoji in the reaction|
|authors</var>|`Object[]`|The sites that authored the reaction|
|&emsp;url</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;title</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;description</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;type</var>|`string[]`||

---

### list(opts)

List the reactions on the network.

|Param|Type|Default|Usage|
|-|-|-|-|
|opts|`Object`|||
|&emsp;filters|`Object`|||
|&emsp;&emsp;authors|`string|string[]`||Site URLs|
|&emsp;&emsp;topics|`string|string[]`||URLs|
|&emsp;&emsp;visibility|`string`|`'all'`|See [visibility](/docs/common-fields#visibility)|
|&emsp;sortBy|`string`|`'createdAt'`|One of: `'createdAt'`|
|&emsp;offset|`number`|0||
|&emsp;limit|`number`|||
|&emsp;reverse|`boolean`|`false`||

|Returns|
|-|
|`Promise<Reaction[]>`|

---

### tabulate(topic, opts)

Tabulate the reactions on a topic.

|Param|Type|Default|Usage|
|-|-|-|-|
|topic|`string`||Topic URL (required)|
|opts|`Object`|||
|&emsp;filters|`Object`|||
|&emsp;&emsp;authors|`string|string[]`||Site URLs|
|&emsp;&emsp;visibility|`string`|`'all'`|See [visibility](/docs/common-fields#visibility)|

|Returns|
|-|
|`Promise<TabulatedReaction[]>`|

---

### add(topic, emoji)

Add a reaction emoji to the current user's site. The visibility of the reaction will be copied from the target topic's record.

|Param|Type|Default|Usage|
|-|-|-|-|
|topic|`string`||Topic URL (required)|
|emoji|`string`||The emoji to add|

|Returns|
|-|
|`Promise<Reaction>`|

---

### remove(topic, emoji)

Remove a reaction emoji from the current user's site.

|Param|Type|Default|Usage|
|-|-|-|-|
|topic|`string`||Topic URL (required)|
|emoji|`string`||The emoji to remove|

|Returns|
|-|
|`Promise<Reaction>`|

Commit message:

Rework reactions to be short phrases rather than emojis

_md/api/reactions.md, after:

## Reactions API

Reactions are words or short phrases which can be attached to any arbitrary URL (the "topic"). They're similar to "likes" but much more general.

Each reaction is constrained to 20 lowercase english letters.

---

```js
import {reactions} from 'dat://unwalled.garden/index.js'

// read
await reactions.list({
  filters: {authors, topics, visiblity},
  sortBy,
  offset,
  limit,
  reverse
})
await reactions.tabulate(topic, {
  filters: {authors, visiblity}
})

// write
await reactions.add(topic, phrase)
await reactions.remove(topic, phrase)
```

---

### Reaction

The values returned by reaction functions will fit the following object shape:

|Attribute|Type|Usage|
|-|-|-|
|url|`string`|The URL of the reaction record|
|topic|`string`|The URL that the reaction is attached to|
|phrases|`string[]`|The phrases in the reaction|
|author</var>|`Object`|The site that authored the reaction|
|&emsp;url</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;title</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;description</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;type</var>|`string[]`||
|visibility</var>|`string`|The [visibility](/docs/common-fields#visibility) of the reaction|

---

### TabulatedReaction

The values returned by `tabulate()` will fit the following object shape:

|Attribute|Type|Usage|
|-|-|-|
|topic|`string`|The URL that the reaction is attached to|
|phrase|`string`|The phrase in the reaction|
|authors</var>|`Object[]`|The sites that authored the reaction|
|&emsp;url</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;title</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;description</var>|`string`||
|&emsp;type</var>|`string[]`||

---

### list(opts)

List the reactions on the network.

|Param|Type|Default|Usage|
|-|-|-|-|
|opts|`Object`|||
|&emsp;filters|`Object`|||
|&emsp;&emsp;authors|`string|string[]`||Site URLs|
|&emsp;&emsp;topics|`string|string[]`||URLs|
|&emsp;&emsp;visibility|`string`|`'all'`|See [visibility](/docs/common-fields#visibility)|
|&emsp;sortBy|`string`|`'createdAt'`|One of: `'createdAt'`|
|&emsp;offset|`number`|0||
|&emsp;limit|`number`|||
|&emsp;reverse|`boolean`|`false`||

|Returns|
|-|
|`Promise<Reaction[]>`|

---

### tabulate(topic, opts)

Tabulate the reactions on a topic.

|Param|Type|Default|Usage|
|-|-|-|-|
|topic|`string`||Topic URL (required)|
|opts|`Object`|||
|&emsp;filters|`Object`|||
|&emsp;&emsp;authors|`string|string[]`||Site URLs|
|&emsp;&emsp;visibility|`string`|`'all'`|See [visibility](/docs/common-fields#visibility)|

|Returns|
|-|
|`Promise<TabulatedReaction[]>`|

---

### add(topic, phrase)

Add a reaction phrase to the current user's site. The visibility of the reaction will be copied from the target topic's record.

|Param|Type|Default|Usage|
|-|-|-|-|
|topic|`string`||Topic URL (required)|
|phrase|`string`||The phrase to add|

|Returns|
|-|
|`Promise<Reaction>`|

---

### remove(topic, phrase)

Remove a reaction phrase from the current user's site.

|Param|Type|Default|Usage|
|-|-|-|-|
|topic|`string`||Topic URL (required)|
|phrase|`string`||The phrase to remove|

|Returns|
|-|
|`Promise<Reaction>`|
